Update processing-element.md (#1694)
telerik/reporting-docs: doc-output/configure-the-report-engine/processing-element.md

### Graphics Engine

> The __graphicsEngine__ element was introduced with the Skia graphics engine in [R3 2023 (17.2.23.1010)](https://www.telerik.com/support/whats-new/reporting/release-history/progress-telerik-reporting-r3-2023-17-2-23-1010). It sets the graphics engine used for processing and rendering the reports. There are two implementations of the graphics engine: GDI-based and SkiaSharp-based. GDI is not supported on non-Windows platforms for applications that target .NET 8 or higher. Skia implementation has cross-platform support. The active implementation is determined by the value of the  __engineName__ element which corresponds with the members of the [Telerik.Drawing.Contract.GraphicsEngine](/api/Telerik.Drawing.Contract.GraphicsEngine) enumeration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The __graphicsEngine__ element was introduced with the Skia graphics engine in [R3 2023 (17.2.23.1010)](https://www.telerik.com/support/whats-new/reporting/release-history/progress-telerik-reporting-r3-2023-17-2-23-1010). It sets the graphics engine used for processing and rendering the reports. There are two implementations of the graphics engine: GDI-based and SkiaSharp-based. GDI is not supported on non-Windows platforms for applications that target .NET {{site.mindotnetversion}} or higher. Skia implementation has cross-platform support. The active implementation is determined by the value of the  __engineName__ element which corresponds with the members of the [Telerik.Drawing.Contract.GraphicsEngine](/api/Telerik.Drawing.Contract.GraphicsEngine) enumeration.
```

Reviewer: Do we want to show the latest supported version here? If so, we introduced a `mindotnetversion` parameter that can be used.

Author: Yes, this would be better. Thank you for the suggestion!
